KairosEmotionAPILib
=================
This API SDK was automatically generated by APIMATIC BETA v2.0

Due to the UniRest package dependency this SDK only works under Python 2.7
It will not work using Python 3.x

How To Configure:
=================
The generated code might need to be configured with your API credentials. To do that,
open the file "Configuration.py" and edit its contents.

How To Build: 
=============
The generated code uses Python libraries named UniRest and Jsonpickle. 

PIP is a popular tool for managing python packages[1].
To resolve these packages:
1) From terminal/cmd navigate to the root directory
2) Invoke 'pip install -r requirements.txt'

Note: You will need internet access to resolve these dependencies.

How To Use:
===========
The following shows how to make invoke the EmotionAnalysisController controller.
It is also shown in [2].

    1. Create a "EmotionAnalysisControllerTest.py" file in the root directory.
    2. Add the following import statement 
        'from KairosEmotionAPILib.Controllers.EmotionAnalysisController import *'
    3. Create a new instance using 'controller = EmotionAnalysisController()'
    4. Invoke an endpoint with the appropriate parameters, for example
        'response = controller.create_media(<required parameters if any>)'
    5. The process is asynchronous, so the response is not immediately available.
       For testing, the response is printed when the second, asynchronous API 
       "get" call is successful. 

[1] PIP - https://pip.pypa.io

[2] from KairosEmotionAPILib.Controllers.EmotionAnalysisController import *

	controller = EmotionAnalysisController()
    response = controller.create_media()

    